Documentation on Enabling SSL/TLS support for SQL Server. (#21938)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/sqlserver.rst

    connection-user=root
    connection-password=secret

Connection security
------------------

The JDBC driver and connector automatically use Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption and certificate validation. This requires a suitable TLS certificate configured on your SQL Server database host.

> To disable encryption in the connection string, use the encrypt property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable encryption in the connection string, use the `encrypt` property:
```
Let's help the user by formatting the name of the property in doc to emphasize what they need to use, and to help them find which part of the following example they should pay attention to.

.. code-block:: none

    connection-url=jdbc:sqlserver://<host>:<port>;databaseName=<databaseName>;encrypt=false;

> Further Properties can be configured as follows through the ``connection-url``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other SSL configuration properties that can be configured using the ``connection-url``:
```
How about this rephrasing? Does this work?

> Further parameters like trustServerCertificate, hostNameInCertificate, trustStore, and trustStorePassword can be configured as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This sentence repeating the property names from the immediately following table doesn't add to the user's understanding, so I think we can delete it entirely. Is that reasonable to you?

Author: But how would users know the purpose of the following properties

Author: @steveburnett I have changed can you review.

Reviewer: > But how would users know the purpose of the following properties

Good point! I understand. I suggested a revision in the new review, let me know what you think. Thanks!

SSL Configuration Properties
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
================================================== ==================================================================== ===========

> parameters                                         Description                                                          Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property Name                                      Description                                                          Default
```
Suggest column name change for consistency with other pages in [Connectors](http://prestodb.io/docs/current/connector.html). I tested this suggestion in a local build.

================================================== ==================================================================== ===========

> ``trustServerCertificate``                         Indicates that the server certificate will not be trusted            ``false``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``trustServerCertificate``                         Indicates that the server certificate is not trusted                 ``false``
```

>                                                    automatically and a truststore is specified for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                   automatically and a truststore is required for 
```

                                                   SSL certificate verification.

> ``trustStoreType``                                 File format of the keystore file, for example JKS or PEM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``trustStoreType``                                 File format of the keystore file, for example ``JKS`` or ``PEM``.
```

``hostNameInCertificate``                          Specifies the expected CN (Common Name) in the SSL certificate 
                                                   from the server.

> ``trustStore``                                     The path to the truststore file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``trustStore``                                     The path to the truststore file.
```

> ``trustStorePassword``                             The password for accessing the truststore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``trustStorePassword``                             The password for the truststore.
```

================================================== ==================================================================== ===========

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding an example connection-url using a truststore, with a sentence introducing it. Maybe something like 

"A connection string using a trust store would be similar to the following example:

.. code-block:: none

    connection-url=jdbc:sqlserver://<host>:<port>;databaseName=<databaseName>;trustServerCertificate=false;trustStoreType=PEM;hostNameInCertificate=hostname;trustStore=path/to/truststore.pem;trustStorePassword=password

Author: Thanks @steveburnett This looks fine for me.

Author: @steveburnett  made changes as suggested.can you review ?

================================================== ==================================================================== ===========
``trustServerCertificate``                         Indicates that the server certificate is not trusted                 ``false``
                                                   automatically and a truststore is required for 
                                                   SSL certificate verification.

``trustStoreType``                                 File format of the truststore file, for example ``JKS`` or ``PEM``.

``hostNameInCertificate``                          Specifies the expected CN (Common Name) in the SSL certificate 
                                                   from the server.

``trustStore``                                     The path to the truststore file.

``trustStorePassword``                             The password for the truststore.
================================================== ==================================================================== ===========

A connection string using a truststore would be similar to the following example:

.. code-block:: none

>     connection-url=jdbc:sqlserver://<host>:<port>;databaseName=<databaseName>;encrypt=false;trustServerCertificate=false;trustStoreType=PEM;hostNameInCertificate=hostname;trustStore=path/to/truststore.pem;trustStorePassword=password

Reviewer: Nit, just checking: `encrypt=false;` should, or should not, be in this example?

Author: @steveburnett in example I feel it would generally be more secure to set **encrypt=true**. This ensures that the data transmitted between the client and the server is encrypted, enhancing the security of the connection.

Author: Thanks @steveburnett I have made change to set encrypt=true.let me know If you have any issues with my suggestions?

Reviewer: > @steveburnett in example I feel it would generally be more secure to set **encrypt=true**. This ensures that the data transmitted between the client and the server is encrypted, enhancing the security of the connection.

@sabbasani, I agree with you. 

I have pulled the updated branch after your change, and made a new local build. 
I verify the `encrypt=true` change is present in the new local build of the docs. 
Nice work, thank you! I have no issues of any kind.
